# 2010 Message Board (Chronological)

2010-08-19 13:17:01 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: If you see any league activity just running a few tests in regards to add/drops.

2010-08-31 19:38:10 ET — Pure Greatness (known)
Message: is this the site we are gonna use for now on?

2010-08-31 19:56:09 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: Yes this will be the site you will be using from now on.  ESPN was just to host the draft.

2010-08-31 20:38:34 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: You my begin to add/drop players.  Waivers will be processed tomorrow AM @ 3AM.  Then again Sunday @ 3 AM.

2010-09-02 20:03:30 ET — Bad Newz Kennels (known)
Message: Hey,
Just a heads up not only is there a live scoring application online.
You can also download a program for the computer here: http://www.myfantasyleague.com/gameday.php
I know there is a blackberry app and I think an Iphone as well that you can download.
Enjoy!

2010-09-05 13:08:28 ET — D-Town Diddlers (known)
Message: I need help at RB...anyone interested in working out a deal?

2010-09-08 19:24:50 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: Well it looks like there were plenty of non-votes in regards to the subject matter.  As a result, those votes are counted as yes as indicated in the email and Gostowski's salary will be reflected at $5 & there will be an extra roster spot added to everyone's roster.  You may pick up the extra player on waivers for Sunday.  Please put in conditional picks so that you don't get stuck without a player.

2010-09-15 18:07:51 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: Ryan put in a $2 bid for B. Scott but he did not create a "2nd round bid" to get him and therefore he went to my team. In other words he put in a waiver for Naanee and got him and had scott right below him.  Because it wasn't a separate bid, once he obtained Nannee it went away and my $1 bid then became the high bid for him.  Ryan's intentions were to have this be a seperate bid but did not follow the instructions carefully?  I have no problem putting him on Ryan's team for the $2 he bid?  But do you care?  Also this would be a warning to all others to know what you are doing on Waivers if you have any questions just ask.

2010-09-18 17:04:47 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: The IR spot is meant for injured players only.  Not dumb ass men who get 2 DUI's and who have raped 2 women.  I will be removing those guys from IR for you, because of the 2 day waiting period.
In regards to the return TD's I hear ya but D-Town Diddler refuses to allow return td's as part of the league scoring.  He indicated that it is "Flukey" and that it is "amateur hour"  Any problems with this please send your complaints to his inbox.
I

2010-09-21 19:03:14 ET — D-Town Diddlers (known)
Message: In response to Creelman's cuntish whining, I think kick returns for TD's counting towards RB or WR state IS amateur hour.  We already have D/ST in this league so if you want a RB's random return TD's to count for 6, pick up their D/ST.  Maybe next year we can draft long snappers and place holders and award points to them based on successful snaps and successful holds.  DB.  Send all blue waffle photos to Creelman's inbox.

2010-09-22 00:39:48 ET — Bad Newz Kennels (known)
Message: All I have to say is K

2010-09-22 09:53:45 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: Don't forget this is DH Weekend #1.
Also do not be alarmed if the website looks different in the next couple of days.  Layout will still be the same, Jeff is going to try screwing with some of the settings to make the interface a little fore friendly.

2010-10-06 17:08:54 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: First, I am running a friendly 8 man free hockey league on espn.  The draft is at 9 PM tonight and to sign in use this:
Link: http://games.espn.go.com/fhl/tools/join?leagueId=48489
Password: Seguin2010
Secondly, it has come to my attention that some of you are interested in a "Free-Agency Period" For Sunday morning acquisitions if you have an injury strike your team last minute.  You would like the ability to pick up a free agent.  I am going to post the idea of a Sunday AM ONLY Free agency period.  This period will occur Sunday Mornings from 6 AM until 11:55 AM.  During this period, you may acquire people as free-agents only.  Poll will be available until Sat night 6PM.
Any Free-Agent would be subject to a $1 acquisition purchase.

2010-10-06 17:45:36 ET — Sir Choke-a-lot (known)
Message: Couple questions regarding this..  first, you say its Sunday AM only - what are the specific hours? And second, are there any stipulations on the players picked up via free agency? Can you only pick up a player if you have a need due to injury, or is this an option to bypass the blind bidding process?

2010-10-06 17:46:29 ET — Sir Choke-a-lot (known)
Message: Ha my bad, you posted the hours..

2010-10-06 18:16:24 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: Murray - There would be no stipulations behind this, regarding injuries.  This would just be the opportunity to pick up someone who is a free-agent as you would in your typical league.  But strictly for Sunday Mornings.  Most of the time you will have an idea that someone is or is not going to play for injury, but last week for example, Andre was a game time decision and at the last minute was a scratch.  It just allows owners an opportunity to make a better lineup decision.  You won't be seeing many studs making it to free agency because they should be snagged up by the blind bidding process.

2010-10-08 18:16:42 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: FYI the time was intended to be 12:55 PM... not 11:55 AM...So the Free Agency Period would be from 6 AM- 1PM....there is no 1255PM option.  Still have until tomorrow night to vote.

2010-10-09 20:03:49 ET — Bad Newz Kennels (known)
Message: new rule going to effect tomorrow morning. free agency starts at 6. am. 1 dollar salary per player this does not affect your blind bid balance. cap penalties are still in effect.  email me if you have any questions.

2010-10-14 13:54:57 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: 12 Team League @$50 per team with $50 league site fee comes to $550 in Prize Money.
Winner will get $300 2nd $175 & Third will get $75.
The 2 Divisional Winners will get 1st round byes.  The best overall record will land the #1 seed.  The other four playoff spots will go to the next four best records regardless of division.
Playoffs start week 14 and end week 16.

2010-10-26 12:03:14 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: If you click on the Gameday Tab, you will be able to see the playoff seeds if the season were to end today.  I will adjust this every Tuesday Morning from here on out to so that you can see where you stand.

2010-11-09 09:40:50 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: To all, this past weekend I spent some time working on making my other league's site more user friendly. Now that I figured out how all the CSS Coding works, I will be making the same changes to this site. It will not be drastic but I think you all will like it better. I did the first step and plan on implementing the rest of it by the end of the day. And as I learn more I will add more to make your experience better. Let me know if you are having problems.

2010-12-12 09:04:13 ET — Commissioner (known)
Message: Breaking News:
The Metrodome's roof has collapsed and it is possible that the game between the Giants and Vikings is not played this weekend.  The game was initially postponed until Monday Night, but now that might not even happen.  If this is the case please make preparations to be without the players from these two teams for this week
